so now I have here for you a 1996
Plymouth Voyager
and this follows up my West video of the
1995 kammath wager so Voyager was
completely redesigned for 96 enhancing
Chrysler's cab forward design another
thing you might notice is that the
sliding door is very neatly positioned
it's kind of hidden the track is right
over here below the window so as you see
right here and the fender is nothing
very neat
so without further ado let's climb in
aftermarket rims as you can see another
thing you're going to notice about this
very interesting it's has manual windows
in the factory but converted the power
very interesting I've never seen that
before
very simple standard door panels and
after all this is too cheap a model I
don't know man I want to
boy manual seats passenger mirror in the
Bizon yoseop storage into the with the
original book so let's go aftermarket
stereo cupholders chain and whatnot
reading lights so now let's start her up
like I said this is the cheaper model
cruise control would be mounted over
here on the fancier models so narrow
what
so you one more time put this to tears
actually of whites
you see those on here and RPO new
information center you have your oil
line as well as your signals and high
beams in turning the lights high beam
indicator is right over the top start er
up
very nice three-speed automatic all
fuels we want to run to long horn does
not work on that and will open the
window just like that up crack and
Driver has a cover with a mirror and
it's broken with the back
so anyways your climate controls with
temperature zones fan air conditioning
recirculate we're the Frost and rear
wiper controls as well as your heroine
over there
storage in here and all right so now I
will show you in the back it's missing
the third seat
all right let's pop the hood and turn on
the lights
2.4 16-valve for Sonja
it is a comfortable van I will say that
the clothes no arm rest on these models
for the personal cup holders storage and
more storage as well as for the back to
but there's no rear seat and the rear
seatbelts are adjustable too as you can
see so now it's shut her down
welcome with gas let's open the gate
locked
we have a lot of room back here spirit
higher is mounted underneath always down
by that and your Jeff storage is not
compartment over there as well as
another power outlet back here and your
spare tire if you can see his right over
there
so
this is how he res signing off for now